##Exercise 7
- VPC Dashboard service, and on the left hand side select Route Tables

- Then select my Public RT, and added the following 0.0.0.0/0 | target devopsacademy-igw igw-080859d0d893c8a00

- After associating, I then selected my private route table added the same details as above but I selected the NAT Gateway as the target | devopsacademy-ngw nat-07d1ac4edb3e79d4b

- After creating RT's, I then went into Subnet Associations and selected Private Subnets for the Private RT, and Public Subnets for the Public RT

Why did you add 0.0.0.0 route to the IGW on public route table?
0.0.0.0 was used so it covers awhole range of addresses so they're able to access the Public Instance
As per AWS Networking rules, an Internet Gateway is needed for accessibility from the public network into the AWS Environment.

Why did you add 0.0.0.0 route to the NGW on private route table?
A Nat Gateway is needed for the private network for accessibility, once the public subnet is accessible you're able to route to the Private subnet.


What is the difference of IGW and NGW
- Internet Gateway gives access public subnet access to the internet.
- NAT Gateway gives Internet access but under strict rules.
Those are having a one way connection out but not back in, you're able to use an ACL to control the traffic to and from the subnet in which the NAT Gateway is located


Can you delete the destination route to your VPC network? Why?

Default VPC is created for customers by AWS on 172.31.0.0/16.
They state that "A default VPC is suitable for getting started quickly, and for launching public instances such as a blog or simple website"
If there is already a default VPC in the region, you cannot create another one

What happens if you do not associate your route table with any subnets?
The RT will only associate the main route table and VPC which was created initally.
When creating RT's to specific subnets you need to be sure you're allocating them accordingly.
If none is associated the the route table will not be used and the main route table will be used instead


