AWS VPC + subnets
Commit all your answers to a text file c02-network07.txt under your folder name.

Everything is to be done preferable on Sydney region ap-southeast-2

Route Table (rt)
Create the above route tables and associate with referred subnets:

|route table|subnet| |devopsacademy-rt-public|all public subnets| |devopsacademy-rt-private|all private subnets|

Post how did you accomplish that on AWS console.
Routes
Add the following routes to your new route tables:

devopsacademy-rt-public
destination	target
0.0.0.0	    devopsacademy-igw

devopsacademy-rt-private
destination	target
0.0.0.0	    devopsacademy-ngw

--------------------------------------------------

Then post your answers for the following:
How did you accomplish both instructions?
- I went to route table, chose devopsacademy-rt-public and click routes on the tab and saw the local one (10.0.0.0/16) has been automatically created and I added 0.0.0.0/0 on the destination and attached the internet gateway created on the previous exercise and save the new route. 
The same thing with the private one however I attached the nat gateway instead of igw.


Why did you add 0.0.0.0 route to the IGW on public route table?
- 0.0.0.0/0 is a default route that covers from 0.0.0.0 to 255.255.255.255. It means all connections to IP addresses that are not on the 10.0.0.0/16 network will be sent to this gateway. 

Why did you add 0.0.0.0 route to the NGW on private route table?
- same with the previous answer.

What is the difference of IGW and NGW?
- IGW is a logical connection between an Amazon VPC and the Internet. It allows resources within your VPC to access the internet, and vice versa


A NAT Gateway does something similar to IGW, but with two main differences:
- It allows resources in a private subnet to access the internet (eg yum updates, external database connections, wget calls, OS patch, etc)
- It only works one way. The internet at large cannot get through your NAT to your private resources unless you explicitly allow it.

source: https://medium.com/awesome-cloud/aws-vpc-difference-between-internet-gateway-and-nat-gateway-c9177e710af6


Can you delete the destination route to your VPC network? Why?
- No, because it's a local route and if you delete it then the local machines can't connect to each other in AWS. 

What happens if you do not associate your route table with any subnets?
- it will automatically associate itself with a main route table for the VPC (in my case it devopsacademy-rt-public)



