Class 02 - Exercise Network 07

How did you accomplish both instructions?
    Under VPC, 'Route Tables', press 'Create route table', give it a name tag and select the VPC 'devopsacademy-vpc' and press 'Create'.
    Repeat step above for the other route table.

    For devopsacademy-rt-public:
        Select 'Routes' tab and press 'Edit routes'
        Add route '0.0.0.0/0' and select 'Internet Gateway' target 'devopsacademy-igw'
    
    For devopsacademy-rt-private
        Select 'Routes' tab and press 'Edit routes'
        Add route '0.0.0.0/0' and select 'NAT Gateway' target 'nat-04f2324c951360f64 (devopsacademy-ngw)'


Why did you add 0.0.0.0 route to the IGW on public route table?
    The custom route table associated with public subnets should contain just the default route (i.e. 0.0.0.0/0) pointing to an Internet Gateway (IGW). 
    

Why did you add 0.0.0.0 route to the NGW on private route table?
    In order for the resources within the VPC to reach the public internet, the “gateway of last resort” (0.0.0.0/0) needs to be defined and pointed to either a NAT Gateway.

What is the difference of IGW and NGW?
- IGW
    An Internet Gateway (IGW) is a logical connection between an Amazon VPC and the Internet. 
    It is not a physical device. Only one can be associated with each VPC. It allows resources within the VPC to access the internet, and vice versa.
    An IGW allows resources within your public subnet to access the internet, and the internet to access said resources.

- NGW
    It allows resources in a private subnet to access the internet.
    It only works one way. The internet at large cannot get through your NAT to your private resources unless you explicitly allow it.

Can you delete the destination route to your VPC network? Why?
    No, every route table should contain a local route for communication within the VPC. This route is added by default to all route tables. 

What happens if you do not associate your route table with any subnets?
    No destination will be linked to it. It will be obsolete.
