
I combined the answer to "Post how did you accomplish that on AWS console." with the one below. 

•	How did you accomplish both instructions?

On the AWS console, 

Firstly, I created a new NAT gateway, since I’ve deleted the previous one.

To create custom Route tables and associate with subnets: 
1. On the VPC console, I chose Route Tables -> Create Route Tables.
2. Tag named “devopsacademy-rt-public” and selected my VPC. 
3. On Subnet Associations tab -> Edit subnet associations. Selected all my three public subnets and saved. 
4. Repeated the steps, this time created a Route table with the name tag “devopsacademy-rt-private” and associated with my three private subnets.

To add routes to my new route tables:
1. Selected a Route Table (private) and on the Routes tab -> Edit routes -> Add route -> Destination: 0.0.0.0/0, Target: Nat Getway devopsacademy-ngw -> Saved 
2. Selected a Route Table (public), same steps as above, added Destination: 0.0.0.0/0 Target: Internet Gateway devopsacademy-igw. 

•	Why did you add 0.0.0.0 route to the IGW on public route table?
To enable my subnet and public resources to reach the internet. The default route (0.0.0.0/0) represents all IPv4 addresses and needs to be defined and pointed to an Internet Gateway.

•	Why did you add 0.0.0.0 route to the NGW on private route table?
Similar to above, to enable my private subnets (and its resources, such as future instances with no public IPs) to access the internet. 0.0.0.0/0 route in this case needs to be added and directed to the NAT Gateway as destination.

•	What is the difference of IGW and NGW?
IGW allows resources within the public subnet to access the internet and vice versa. 
NGW allows resources in a private subnet to access the internet and not the other way around, internet does not have access through NAT and to the private resources (unless you explicitly permit it).

•	Can you delete the destination route to your VPC network? Why?
No. When you create a VPC, it automatically has a main route table, which contains a local route. You cannot delete the local route from your route table, and anytime a new route table is created within a VPC, the local route is included by default.

•	What happens if you do not associate your route table with any subnets?
If a subnet is not explicitly associated with a route table, it uses the main route table by default.

